[singing voice] Aniplex.
[indistinct chatter]
[magical whirring]
Hmm.
[grunts]
Mm.
[all gasping]
[exhales]
Hey, that worked out perfectly.
Phase one is complete.
It's a real room temperature
plasma device.
Yeah.
[computer beeping]
[grunts]
[gasps]
What is she doing?
‐ [grunts]
‐ Uh?
Mibu, wait!
[gasps]
[breathing heavily]
‐ [gasps]
‐ Saya!
all: Huh?
[breathing heavily]
[Sayaka] That's...
[Rin singing in Japanese]
[Rin Akatsuki's "Konotede"]
♪♪ ♪♪
[Chiaki breathing heavily]
[both breathing heavily]
[Sayaka] Come back here!
[grunts]
[Chiaki] What do you want?
[Sayaka] You're a first year,
right?
My name is Sayaka Mibu
and I'm a part of class 2‐E.
You must be course two as well.
I'm Chiaki Hirakawa.
I belong to class 1‐G.
‐ [grunts]
‐ Hirakawa?
Miss Chiaki,
that's a wireless
password breaker, isn't it?
[whimpers]
[Sayaka] There's no use
hiding it.
And I know 'cause I once worked
for spies myself.
[gasps]
‐ [Sayaka] A word of advice.
‐ [gasps]
[Sayaka] I don't know
who they are
but you should cut ties
with them immediately.
[grunts]
Back off.
It has nothing to do with you.
I can't just stand by
and do nothing!
Those people will take advantage
of you
and then they'll throw you away.
[Chiaki] Of course they will!
You think I don't know that?
I'm not that stupid.
It's not like I teamed up
with them because
I think that they're
my real friends.
[gasps]
Kirihara?
Right.
[gasps]
[Sayaka] Get down!
[both groaning]
[grunts]
[blow lands]
[Erika grunts]
[gasps]
[both grunting]
[coughing]
[Erika] That's tear gas.
[grunts]
[exhales]
[gasps]
‐ [gasps]
‐ [Leonhard shouting]
[gasping]
[grunts]
[groans]
[gasps]
[Leonhard] Was that overkill?
[Erika] I'd say so.
Never mind that.
Would you get up?
It looks like
you're attacking her.
You think I'd do that?
Really?
Calm down.
I was only joking.
[grunts]
Uh, hey!
Are you all right?
Wake up!
‐ [grunts]
‐ [Leonhard] Hey!
Hey!
[Kanon exhales sharply]
Geez.
I was wondering where
you'd run off to,
abandoning Miss Ichihara's
protective detail.
You guys really went overboard.
[both groaning]
How's it look,
Dr. Asuka?
What's Miss Hirakawa's
condition?
Oh, she's going to be fine.
She'll regain
consciousness eventually.
[Kanon] I'm sorry
to ask this of you,
but would you mind texting me
when she wakes up, please?
It's just that I've got
to get back to guard duty.
[Satomi] No problem.
[grunts]
Oh, but no complaining
if she runs away
when she comes to.
Got it?
Because I haven't got
any combat skills.
Doctor, I'm positive you
would never let one
of your wounded escape.
[Isao] Hey,
what do you think you're doing?
That's none of your business,
Sekimoto.
Excuse me?
Sekimoto, chill out!
[Erika] We're just observing
our friends' setup.
Hey Shiba, what the heck
is going on over there?
‐ [Erika] You heard me!
‐ Seems Erika and Leo
have been loitering.
I guess their lack
of involvement
doesn't sit well with Sekimoto.
I don't get it.
Why does Sekimoto care?
Hey, I think that's enough,
Sekimoto.
I think you should shut up
and get back to work!
Anyway, what's with
the attitude of yours?
[Isao] You two
don't belong here!
[Erika] Why?
Everybody else
is looking around, too.
[Kanon] Sekimoto,
what seems to be the problem?
Uh, it's nothing for you
to worry about!
I was telling these
course two students not
to wander around.
[Kanon] For future reference,
there's no reason to stop
the first years
from observing
these experiments.
If there's an issue,
those of us on guard duty
will resolve it.
I'm on disciplinary committee.
[Kanon] Staffing
for this event consists
of volunteers
from the disciplinary committee
and extracurricular
activities federation.
Since you didn't volunteer,
do you mind leaving this
to us, please?
And could you two leave
for the rest of the day?
That incident you caused earlier
could be construed
from a different angle as a four
against one assault.
[exhales]
[chuckles]
Hey Tatsuya,
Miyuki,
we'll be taking off now.
Leo and I will see you tomorrow.
Right.
Catch you two later.
[exhales]
[cell phone vibrating]
[gasps]
Hey Kei,
I'll be right back, all right?
Uh, Kanon, wait up!
[grunts]
Mm?
[gasps]
[beeps]
I was just...
Maybe I'm incorrect,
but I thought you said
you had no interest
in this type of practical theme.
[exhales sharply]
Leo, you busy?
You doing anything today?
Huh?
[gasps]
You hear me?
No, I don't have any plans.
Okay, then come with me.
[gasps, grunts]
[footsteps approaching]
‐ [gasps]
‐ Excuse me.
Uh, oh.
‐ [chuckles nervously]
‐ So, uh...
[groaning]
[Kanon] I'd like
to ask that girl
some questions,
if you don't mind.
So could you please let her go?
No, wait.
On second thought actually,
maybe you should
just set her down.
I'm happy to.
[Chiaki groans]
That was you two days ago, too,
wasn't it?
[Chiaki gasps]
You have to tell me why you
were trying to steal that data.
Steal it?
My intent was to hack in
and rewrite
the device's program.
I was trying to disable
the magical apparatus
for their presentation.
[Kanon] So you wanted
the presentation to fail.
That's not it.
[grunts]
As much as I hate to admit it,
he would just find a way
to recover,
but I thought he would
at least panic a little bit
if I could manage
to sabotage him.
[Kanon] You really did that out
of spite?
Depending on the outcome,
you could have gotten
yourself expelled, you know.
[Chiaki] I don't care!
Not if it means actually pulling
one over on that jerk!
‐ [gasps]
‐ [Chiaki crying]
[grunts]
Mm.
[Chiaki crying]
Chiaki Hirakawa,
aren't you Koharo Hirakawa's
younger sister?
‐ [gasps]
‐ [Kei] And you think
it's Shiba's fault
that your sister
can no longer make good use
of magic?
She ended up that way because
of him.
After all, Shiba left
Miss Keiko for dead, didn't he?
[Chiaki] And because of that,
my sister feels responsible.
If Shiba was
in any way responsible
for Miss Kobayakawa's accident,
then everyone on
the engineering staff
including me was to blame,
right?
[gasps]
Oh, come on.
Don't make me laugh.
‐ Excuse me?
‐ Even my big sister
wasn't able to predict it,
so there's no way that you would
have noticed, either,
Mr. Isori!
It's because of who he really is
that Chiba was able to see it!
[Chiaki] He admitted it himself!
And despite all of that,
he's still out there.
[both gasping]
[Chiaki crying]
[Satomi] All right,
that's enough for today.
[Kanon] But doctor...
[Satomi] She's being
transferred tonight.
To the Magic University
Affiliated Hospital.
Miss Chiyoda,
please pick this up
again tomorrow.
[all gasping]
Very well.
Kanon, let's go.
[grunts]
[exhales]
[Erika] Don't you think it's all
too simple?
What's too simple?
[Erika] It's not over yet.
In fact your own school
is a potential victim
of the power in the east.
[Erika] That girl might
have been no more than a decoy.
[Leonhard] Ah, you want me
to help you play detective
so we can smoke out
the real culprit, huh?
[Erika] Of course not!
We both know we might
as well leave all
the thinking to Tatsuya.
[scoffs]
We're bodyguards, then.
Yeah, except we'll
be counter attacking more
than defending.
Unfortunately,
we're not ready yet.
You're lacking something vital.
Uh...
[Leonhard] 'Scuse me?
[Erika] Leo,
your latent abilities
as a foot soldier
are first class.
Huh.
[Erika] I honestly believe
you have the potential
to surpass Hattori
and Kirihara.
Hmm.
Potential, huh?
Meaning there's something wrong
with the skills I use now?
Is that it?
[grunts]
You don't have a trump card
you can pull out,
or do you?
[Leonhard] A what?
A move that can finish
your opponent for sure.
[grunts]
I assume you have one?
Yes.
[dramatic music]
♪♪ ♪♪
Well, you're not wrong there.
I don't possess
some hidden technique
that's designed
to kill my opponent.
[Erika] Listen,
no pressure.
We don't need to be
the people who take this on,
but if you're actually serious
about getting involved in this,
you probably need to be ready
to kill or be killed.
Are you prepared
to take on something like that?
[grunts]
Absolutely.
[Erika] Good answer.
In that case,
I'll teach you the secret sword:
Usuba Kagerou.
Trust me.
This is the perfect move
for you.
[Tatsuya] I see.
So she's Miss Hirakawa's
younger sister.
Hey, what's that all about?
That's such
an unjustified grudge.
It's unfair to Tatsuya.
She must really love
her big sister
to take her feelings out
on Tatsuya like this.
[grunts]
[Tatsuya] Well,
shouldn't be much of a problem
if we just leave her be, right?
What do you mean?
You're the one she's targeting,
you know.
‐ In my opinion,
I imagine the best thing
would be for Koharu
to sit down with Chiaki
and make her reconsider.
[Tatsuya] Personally I'd prefer
if we don't involve
Miss Hirakawa in this.
They are family,
but that doesn't mean
she's responsible.
‐ [grunting]
‐ Wow.
So you have a nice side
after all.
[both gasping]
Only because I'm afraid
of this escalating
into even more of a hassle.
Besides, Chiaki Hirakawa's not
the only one who's been sneaking
around here lately.
[Chen] To make
a long story short, Mr. Zhou,
apparently the girl in question
has failed her mission.
[Zhou] Please trust me when
I say I sympathize
with your concerns,
Lord Chen.
However, you can rest assured
we haven't revealed anything
about our true identities
to her.
So I don't believe there's
any danger of information leaks.
Oh?
[Chen] I'm impressed you groomed
this teenager
to be so blindly loyal.
Well, people that young
are still so pure
and passionate,
after all.
[Zhou] To demonstrate
their worth to the world,
they'd much rather
speak out loudly
than listen quietly.
Thanks to that fact
and my keen hearing,
I have learned a lot.
Hmm.
Very well.
If you say that we're in
the clear then of course
I believe you,
Mr. Zhou.
Although I'm trusting you
to take good care
that there
are no unexpected twists.
I know what must be done.
In the next few days,
I'll appraise
the situation myself.
[exhales]
[chuckles]
[indistinct chatter]
Hey, are Erika
and Leo still in class?
Those two are usually here
by now.
Oh, I believe they're both off
from school today.
What?
The two of them took
the day off together?
Hmm?
Well, neither one is here.
‐ [grunts]
‐ How interesting.
Of course it's always possible
that it's just a coincidence.
It's also possible
that it's not a coincidence.
[Shizuku] Those two as a couple,
not too much of a stretch,
is it?
[Honoka] Wait a second.
Seriously?
[Miyuki] We don't really know.
We're only assuming.
[Honoka] Oh, yeah.
I suppose you're right.
Hmm.
[Mikihiko] Whoa, hold up,
you guys.
There's no way
that could be true.
I haven't noticed anything
at all between them.
However, if they're taking
the day off together,
then isn't that something?
[Miyuki] But what on Earth
could they be doing?
[Mizuki] Erika and‐‐
[Mikihiko] Leo?
Uh...
[both gasping]
[both whimpering]
Here's my take which
is conjecture layered
on hypothesis.
Erika may be running Leo into
the ground right now.
[gasping]
[stammering]
[large bell rings]
[groans]
[grunts]
[Erika] You filthy pervert!
Peeping tom!
Shut it already, moron!
[blow lands]
[grunts]
‐ Hey, it's wrinkled again!
‐ [groans]
Ow, that hurts!
How many times I gotta tell ya?
Talking's more effective
than hitting, you know!
Well, you wouldn't understand
even if I said something.
And you think
that clobbering me's
what's gonna make your point?
Hmm.
[scoffs]
[groans]
Well, I guess I can't blame you
for wanting
to hit a moron like me.
[Erika] How about we take
a little break now?
Here.
Oh.
I don't get it.
You were able to do it
with the cloak.
Is it really that different?
You mean during the NSC?
[Leonhard] In that instance,
even if there were
small wrinkles,
it didn't effect its function
as a shield.
And it had an auxiliary spell
to aid with expansion.
Oh.
Although this cloth
has an auxiliary spell
incorporated into it as well.
I guess it'd be faster
to ask Tatsuya
what the difference is, then.
‐ We can't do that!
‐ [gasps]
Bothering Tatsuya would
just mess up our priorities!
It's simple.
I have to master it by myself.
[magical whooshing]
[grunting]
[gasps]
[grunts]
[chuckles]
‐ [Leonhard grunting]
‐ My, how heroic.
[Leonhard grunts]
[magical whirring]
[shouting]
[groans]
[grunts]
[Mayumi] Ah, geez, Juumonji.
I know you're simply trying
to boost the morale
of the protective detail squad,
but don't you think
they're losing
their confidence instead?
He likely wants
to put them through the ringer
while he still can.
He is the chief commander
of the protective detail,
after all.
‐ [grunting]
[both gasping]
That's seven of them
he's knocked out already.
Wait, so who's even left now?
[Mari] Hold on.
Is that Mikihiko?
[Mikihiko] I thought I'd learn
a lot if I came here.
Was it foolish to think I have
what it takes?
[distant booming]
[boy shouting]
[gasping]
[Mikihiko] You gotta calm down,
Mikihiko.
This is just a mock battle.
[gasps]
I've been spotted!
[grunts]
[magical whooshing]
Three, two, one.
Now!
[grunts]
[gasps]
[booming]
[grunting]
[magical whirring]
Fascinating.
[all grunting]
Sorry I asked you
on such short notice.
Oh.
No worries.
If it's more practice
against Juumonji
please ask me again any time.
Mm?
Hey, everybody on guard duty!
You did a good job today!
We brought you all some lunch.
‐ [grunts]
‐ Thanks a lot.
All right.
I'll see you later, Sawaki.
Nonsense.
You should stay for lunch,
Yoshida.
Oh, I don't know.
[gasps]
[Midori] Break time!
Our food has arrived!
[gasps]
[groans]
‐ [Mizuki] Um, hey.
‐ [gasps]
Great work earlier.
Thank you, Miss Shibata.
‐ [Girl] Hey, Mizuki?
[both gasping]
We're gonna stop for lunch now,
too.
‐ Okay?
‐ Oh, sure.
[grunts]
Mmm.
[chomps, grunts]
[grunts]
[chomps]
Mikihiko, do you want me
to pour you some more tea?
Oh, yeah.
Thanks a lot.
[gasps]
[groans]
Mm.
[gasps]
[all snarling]
[indistinct chatter]
[grunts]
‐ Uh, um‐‐
‐ You say something?
I think I'll just excuse myself.
[gasping]
[grunting]
[both gasping]
[gasps]
How clumsy of me!
[both screaming]
[panicked breathing]
Sorry!
[Mizuki breathing rapidly]
[all gasping]
[gasping]
[thuds]
[all shouting]
[gasps]
[whimpering]
[Girl] Are you all right,
Mizuki?
[whimpers]
I'm so sorry, everybody!
[groans]
[Girl] What are you doing
just spacing out?
[gasps]
‐ You, go after her!
‐ [Mikihiko gasps]
Oh, right!
[Grunting]
[panicked breathing]
Shibata, I'm sorry!
[grunts]
[gasps]
Pardon me.
So sorry.
[breathing heavily]
Miss Shibata!
[Rei singing in Japanese]
[Rei Yasuda's "Mirror"]
♪♪ ♪♪